# DiskGAN
This project contains the source code of __DiskGAN__, a disk failure sample generative approach. It can be used to generate failed samples for any disk models to improve the failure detection performance. __DiskGAN__ can be used as a pre-process before training
a disk failure detection model. The source code of three comparative data augmentation methods and all data are also included (https://github.com/Maroon100/DiskGAN/tree/master).

The project is built with __python__ and do not need to be installed. You can run all experiments within the project if you have correctly configured your environment.

## Requirements
__python==3.6.5__

__tensorflow==1.12.0__

__torch==1.7.0__

__sklearn==0.0__

__pandas==1.1.1__

__matplotlib==2.2.2__

__Keras==2.2.4__

__Keras-Applications==1.0.8__

__Keras-Preprocessing==1.1.2__

__configparser==5.0.2__

__seaborn==0.10.1__

## Experiment Evaluation
To explore the impact of healthy/failed sample size on the failure detection performance, the results can be acquired by running
"python ./Motivation/Impact_explore.py". 

The correlation among features can be visualized by running "python ./Motivation/correlation_visualization.py". The features
of a disk model can be clustered by running "python ./Feature clustering/cluster_find.py". 

The base-features of each disk model can be acquired by running "python ./Polynomial Fitting/base_feature_selection.py". 

The performance of four data augmentation methods can be evaluated by running "python ./Effectiveness Evaluation/evaluate.py".

The parameter "disk_model" defines the disk model we aim to evaluate and the parameter "generative_model" represents the data augmentation method. When the "generative_model" is set as "None",
we do not use any data augmentation methods and the performance of the final failure detection model can be viewed as the baseline. Note that we need to pre-train a filter model before evaluating
DiskGAN, because it needs a filter model to select high-qualified generated samples. The filter model can be trained by running "python ./Effectiveness Evaluation/DiskGAN/filter.py". 

The distribution of samples generated by data augmentation methods AdaSYN and DiskGAN can be visualized by running "python ./Sample Visualization/gene_visualization/plot_generated.py". And the distribution of failures in training set and wrongly predicted in test
set can be visualized by running "python ./Sample Visualization/explore/explore.py".
